#summary Installing the screenshot factory on Mac

== Install prerequisites ==

 * [http://www.codingmonkeys.de/mbo/ Subversion Binaries]
   (or *sudo port install subversion*)
 * [http://netpbm.sourceforge.net/ NetPBM tools]
   (or *sudo port install netpbm*, or 
 [http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=7130&package_id=14464 binaries from Gallery])
 * [http://appscript.sourceforge.net/py-appscript/install.html Python appscript module]
   (or *sudo easy_install appscript*)
 * [http://www.versiontracker.com/dyn/moreinfo/macosx/19753 cscreen]
   to change screen resolution
   ([http://download.browsershots.org/thirdparty/cscreen.dmg mirror])

And if you want to support more media formats:

 * Windows Media Player
 [http://www.apple.com/downloads/macosx/video/windowsmediaplayerformacosx.html for Mac OS X]
 ([http://www.microsoft.com/mac/otherproducts/otherproducts.aspx?pid=windowsmedia alternate link, also for Mac OS 8.1-9])

== Get the source code ==

Check out the source code from the Subversion repository:

{{{
svn checkout http://svn.browsershots.org/trunk/shotfactory
}}}

Also copy the cscreen program into the *shotfactory* directory.

Starting with milestone:0.3-beta1, global installation with *python setup.py install* is no longer required.

== Settings ==

 * Disable the screensaver.
 * Set the desktop background to white.
 * For each browser that you want to run:
   * Set it to start with an empty page.
   * Hide the bookmark bar.
   * Show the status bar.

If you want to run browsers other than Safari, also follow these steps:

 * System Preferences
 * Universal Access
 * Enable access for assistive devices

== Run ==

{{{
cd shotfactory
python shotfactory.py
}}}

See InstallFactory for registration and troubleshooting tips.

== Fast User Switching ==

On Mac OS X 10.4 and 10.5, you can run the screenshot factory in the background if you enable Fast User Switching. Also, your personal files and browser history etc. are safe if you use a separate user account. To enable Fast User Switching, follow these steps:

 * System Preferences
 * Accounts
 * Login Options
 * Enable fast user switching

Then you can create a separate user (e.g. `shotfactory1`) for the screenshot factory. This user does not need admin privileges. Switch to this user account before you start the screenshot factory.
